ANS 11: 
List qualities of guru that you consider imp with ref to sastra and mandatory qalufi if diksha guru,

Qualification of Guru : 
As per Upadesamrta , A person who can tolerate the urge to speak, mind's demand, action of anger, and the urges of tounge, belly and genitals
is qualified to make disciples all over the world. 

acara prachara namere karaha dui karya : - You simpultansoulsy perform both duties to the hoply name by you personal behavior and by your preaching.
Sanatana Goswami clearly defines the qualification as one must act according to the sciptural injunctions and at the same time preach. One
who does do is a bonafile spritual master. ( Cc Antya)

Whether one is a brahmana, a sannyasi or a sudra regardless of what he is , he can become a sprital master if he know the science of Krishna (Cc Madhaya)

Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu says "Every one of you become the spritual master why one or two", Its not a diffucult job . Amara ajnaya .. Just try to carry out My order.
Thats all the you become spritual master. "My order is the crucial point". One does not become spritual master by this own whims.



He doesnot impart self-styled, conconted knowledge. 
His knowledge is standard and reveived from guru sisya parampara system.
He is fixed in the service of Supereme Personality of Godhead.
He must have heard the Vedic knowledge through disciplic succession and from the proper authority.
and is firmly devoted to the Absoulte truth as per Techching of Lord Kapila.

Mandatory qualification of Diksha Guru

1. Must have been and initiated disciple for at least ten years
2. Must have been strictly following the four regulative priciples, regularly attending the morning program, chanting 16 round daily
3. Remained in good standing for the previous ten years
4. Must not exhibit tendencies toward behavior contrary to Vaishnava moral priciples
5. Must have excelled in preaching activities
6. Must have proficiency in knowledge and understanding of sastra
7. Must preach without concontion and strictly according to the parampara, with sastric knowledge grounded firmly in siddhanta
8. Must be effective in practical preaching and counseling
9. Must have no loyalities that compete with or compromise his loyality to Srila Prabhupada, to his teachings and to ISKCON
10. Must show understanding of and dedication to Srila Prabhupada mission and a strong commitment to maintaining and increading book distribution and other ISKCON projects.
11. Must recognize the GBC as the ultimate managing authority of ISKCON, support the GBC system and follow the GBC.
12. Should be engaged full time in deveotional service in an ISKCON center or other ISKCON approved preaching program.
13. Within the ten years must not have engaged in serious criminal activities or been responsible for
    a finnaial impropiety that put significant funds or other assets at risk.
	Risking legal consequences through the improper handling of funds and assets under his control
	Causing a loss of significant funds through unauthroized actions
	Any other act of moral turpitude
	
	
